All right.
So congratulations, as always, for reaching the end of another course section.
So let's review everything that we learned.
This section focused on named slots.
By giving each slot a name, by using the name of prop, we can have multiple slots within a single
child component.
And what does that mean?
That means we have multiple places or slots where the parent component can provide custom HTML content
to inject.
Why do we do this approach?
Because it allows us to create really reusable components.
In this section, for example, our header container component could capture the logic of creating a
box that spans the whole width of the screen and centers its text content while still allowing the parent
component to specify the text value.
The HTML elements such as an H2 or an H3 and customize how it wants that content to look.
So we get the reusability while still getting the customization element that is the benefit of slots,
both in a single form and when we use multiple ones with names.
Keep in mind, if we do not give a slot component, a name view will assign it the name default and
you can only use one slot component without a name in the component that you are using slots or a single
slot.
Right now my preference as always, is if you are using more than one slot, I would prefer to give
each one a name because it better communicates which slot you're targeting in the parent component and
it doesn't have to make another developer guess what the word default means?
All right.
How does the parent component use those slots?
Uses this template syntax and the v slot directive v slot followed by a colon and the exact slot name
that we specified when we declared that slot in the child component.
All right.
And we need to use the syntax because we need to tell you where to inject specific bits of content.
Right.
Imagine we have five different slots and five different pieces of HTML content.
If you can't guess where we want to place each one.
So we have to tell you, hey, this slot a put this content here, this slot be put this content here,
etc. Now as a shortcut, we can also use template followed by the hash tag symbol, the Octo Thorp,
followed by the name of the slot that we gave it through the name prop on the slot component.
And S Lynch generally prefers this approach because it tends to be a little bit tercer and just requires
less writing.
Finally, when it comes to testing, you know this already, but provide these slots property in the
configuration object which is the second argument to mount and challenge.
And the properties on the slots object will be the slot names, the exact same ones that you configured
when you declared the slot in the component and then the values in that configuration object will be
strings representing the HTML content that you want the test utils to inject or place into that slot
into that place in the template.
Of course, the reason we have to do this is because we don't have the benefits of our regular template
syntax in a test.
We have to wire up everything using JavaScript, so that includes slots and mocks and stubs and global
things, etc. So we do have to do this approach.
We have to provide our H2 not as a string, and then you can simply verify that the component is rendering
the slot content as expected.
That's exactly what we did in our tests.
All right.
And with that, we have reached the end of another section.
In our very next section, we're going to go even deeper into slots.
It's going to be our last section on slots, and we're going to see another use case for them.
And I will see you in the next lesson.